fixing grammar (#5)
aeternity/hyperchains-whitepaper: security.tex

The $K2a$, $K2b$, etc. are keyblocks on the child chain emitted by a malicious
leader over different microblocks (denoted by the $O$ letter). This
effectively splits the network into many parts, as it becomes unclear to which of
the forks the delegates should commit. To resolve this issue, a single leader
must be agreed upon using some additional mechanism – a new election
should be performed with the exclusion of the compromised delegate.

To notify the network about the generational fork, the peers need to announce
this fact on the parent chain by publishing the fraud commitments and the
cryptographic proofs of generational fraud (PoGF). Each commitment has to point to
the latest child keyblock considered by the delegates to be
valid, that is the generation where the fork starts. The committer also needs
to submit to which fork they want to contribute – if they get elected they

> will keep building on it (we disallow rollbacks). The voting power should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be required to build on it (we disallow rollbacks). The voting power should be
```
It must be clear that this is their obligation

calculated based on the latest block before the fraud was detected.

Due to network propagation
delays and connectivity failures, some nodes might not notice that a generational
fork was created and not respond accordingly. New nodes or the ones catching up
after downtime need to be aware that a generational fork was created and apply
the appropriate resolution. Some of them may commit to one of the forks and receive a fraud
notification after they started mining. Therefore, we introduce a metric over the
branches that we are going to call "difficulty" for a conventional reason. The
rule to resolve conflicts caused by such data races is similar to already

> existing PoW strategy "follow the most difficult chain," and the formula goes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing PoW strategy "follow the most difficult chain", and the formula goes
```
?
